ANNIE SIDOTAM
Annie Sidotam has been a pioneer in helping kids and strengthening teaching methods across India. She is a multi-talented personality who has donned many roles in her time with ‘Teach for India’ (TFI) an organization that aims at improving the educational inequity in India. 
As a school coordinator at TFI’s training institute, she designed and managed systems and procedures to maximize school-site and training efficiency. She helped track and analyze city-school data related to student achievement and fellow effectiveness and mentored the fellows for both personal and professional development. Along with this, during her two year tenure, she took on the challenge of working on a game changing project called MAYA, which integrates art and value education along with Design Thinking Process for children from low income schools.   As a product developer with Talent Sprint she designed courses which include instructional design, content production, and online delivery. She also served as an online instructor for new and in- service teachers who aspire to qualify for the Central Teacher Eligibility Test.   Working as a Design Engineer at Ramboll India Pvt Ltd, Annie designed telecom and transition towers. She has also created extensive training manuals and curriculum, and executed training programs for the fresh graduates in the organisation. 
Currently she heads Learning & Operations at I Love Mondays, where she is responsible for designing various teen-centric modules for the organisation; counselling kids and parents, conducting career awareness workshops on Yellow Collar Careers etc.


RASHMI RAMESH 
Rashmi Ramesh is an ardent optimist who sees the best in everything she comes across in life. Being fascinated from childhood about how a few lines of commands could control an entire machine’s behaviour, she became a software engineer. 
Working at Infosys Ltd in Chennai for a fulfilling period of three years, she was recognised as an outstanding performer at every evaluation cycle. During the course of learning how to change a machine’s behaviour with a few lines of code she also never gave up on her love of dancing, writing and public speaking. She is an avid blogger and has actively contributed to articles in the newspaper like The Hindu. 
Her search for a forum to hone her public speaking skills led her to become a member of the Toastmasters International, a global platform in public speaking and leadership skills. She went on to earn the Competent Communicator award, the Competent Leader award and the Advanced Leadership Bronze award after completing multiple communication and leadership projects in Toastmasters. For having achieved all the three awards in the same year, she also received the Triple Crown award. 
Her intention of making a difference to people’s lives with her communication and leadership skills found a perfect fit in fellow Toastmaster Mala Mary Martina’s brain child ‘I Love Mondays’ dedicated to helping teenagers make educated career choices. Now she works as the Growth Strategist at ‘I Love Mondays’ and strives to achieve the organisation’s vision of empowering 1 million individuals to make educated career choices.
All in all she has worked extensively in the education industry hands on and is the go to person for skilled solutions with respect to advancements in the education industry.

NAINA SWAREETA URS 
Naina Swareeta Urs is an ambivert who believes in the ripple effect of any action. Clearly right brain dominant, her love for all forms of art surpasses everything else in her life. Dabbling in theatre, art, music and dance right from her school days, Naina sees herself as a flag bearer in bringing back creativity in education. She envisions a set-up where kids are free to express and learn through the arts, where they believe and work towards endless possibilities no matter what background they come from. 
An artist herself, Naina’s passion for integrating arts into education comes from her work as a fellow with Teach for India. Now an alum, her journey as a fellow has had a deep rooted impact on her and has made her resolute towards her goal. During her two year fellowship, spread over Hyderabad and Bangalore, she ensured her students got ample opportunities to delve in creativity. Her efforts were extended to her students in Bangalore raising funds for their classroom by selling their art work through their initiative called ‘Citizens of Tomorrow’. Her class of 35 students not only raised around Rs.5000 in just one art show but they also managed to get many people from different backgrounds to volunteer in their class. Naina was determined to expose these kids to as many people and opportunities as possible, to inculcate a growth mindset in them by exploring and experiencing a myriad of things. Ownership, passion and empathy is what drives her and what she wants to see in all the kids she works with. 
Being extensively trained in Design Thinking and its applications in the real world, Naina proactively uses it in her role as the Creative Strategist at I Love Mondays. Naina continues to strive to working towards ensuring that all children embody those 3 core values: ownership, passion and empathy, in whatever form it may be. 

SHANKAR MONI 
Dr. Shankar Moni leads Xyo in taking the concept of "Technology in Education" to a whole new level, combining 20 years of semiconductor technology leadership experience with a passion for excellence in education.
He has held senior management and engineering positions in several companies, including Nvidia, Microsoft, Cadence, and National Semiconductor. He founded the India Development Center of Nvidia's Mobile Semiconductor Division. He has guided numerous strategic decisions and successfully lead several multi-million dollar projects. His focus on execution and quality have resulted in cutting edge technology products being brought to market. 
With 24 US patents and numerous IEEE journal publications in his name, he has lead teams doing pioneering research and developing innovative solutions to challenging industry problems. He holds a BTech (EE) degree from IIT Bombay, and a PhD (EE) from Purdue University.

KAARTIKEYA BAJPAI 
Kaartikeya Bajpai, 21, a JN Tata and Sir Dorabjee Scholar and journalism graduate from Symbiosis International University, was first published in Chandamama when he was  nine and his work has since appeared in Tehelka, Helter Skelter, Muse India, Reading Hour, Sahitya Academy’s Indian Literature Journal, and many other magazines and newspapers and he has edited two volumes of collected fiction and poetry. He lives in New York, completing his masters in Creative Writing and also works as a Research Assistant for the India China Institute, in Manhattan.
He recently won the '25 Under 25 Changemakers in India' Award in the field of writing sponsored by Tata Nano and Campus Diaries, and in Aug 2016, he represented India as the official Global Leader in a ten day conference in Macedonia. (Youth Global Leader) He has previously given two TEDx talks and been a panelist and guest faculty in numerous institutions and events. In January 2017, Kaartikeya will be in India to give two TEDx talks (Hyderabad and Bangalore), be a panelist/speaker at Jaipur, Kolkata, Siyahi, and Hyderabad Literary Festivals, apart from giving guest lectures/talks in IIT Bombay, St Xaviers Mumbai, GLA University Mathura, Symbiosis Pune, TISS Mumbai, and KC College. In June next year, he will be in China establishing a base for The Bombay Review in Beijing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen, being awarded the Starr Travel Research Grant.
He is the Founder and Editor-in-Chief of The Bombay Review, a bi-monthly literary magazine publishing short fiction and poetry. The magazine is based out of New York City and Mumbai, and has a readership base in more than 120 countries. The second print book released in August 2016, an international anthology featuring writers and poets from 31 countries. 
He has also worked as a crime reporter with Mumbai Mirror, features writer and copy editor for DNA, cultural correspondent for Helter Skelter Magazine, and Career Counselor for Salaam Baalak Trust.